Notes on: tilesL.S
2/12/98
Ooh boy... that was fun... well, the old names are back in (but not
used... mainly there if I need them again for bug-hunting)... the 16x16
plotters were the cause of the problem in the test ROM... the old code
didn't exactly preserve edi... edi on exit was edi on entry + 8...
while my new code preserved it like the 8x8 plotters... no longer...
A few more speed tweaks, thanks to figuring that out...

1/30/98
This is mostly a cosmetic update
(and covers both spriteL.S and tilesL.S):
Sprite plotter code (32x32 and 64x64) has been moved to tilesL.S
All plotter names redone to more closely match the 8x8 names
Function pointer tables updated to match name changes

Non-cosmetic changes:
BSWAP's put back in

Old notes on: tilesL.S
Notes below were not dated

Each plotter still handles the data in 8x8 parts... but without procedure
calls, this helps as plotters get larger, especially if the sprite
plotters are redone this way... And the base 8x8 plotter code has been
heavily optimized!

We never need to push/pop edi, because it's never corrupted... all changes
are 100% predictable, so we undo them... we push/pop eax (ah,al), ebx,
ecx (when necessary), and undo changes to edi before exiting.

Forgot to not use BSWAP the first time around, and made a few errors in the
16x16 plotters, edi wasn't being restored, all fixed now!

The new 16x16 X-flipped plotters are handled a little differently now...
originally, they drew right to left, now they draw left to right, last to
first... slight performance gain, because we no longer need to modify edi,
except on exit...

And the function pointer tables at the end were misaligned in original
code, now the 5 global bytes are after the tables...

I finally macroized the X flipping in the 8x8 plotter code, really helps
source readability... I don't have any plans at the moment to macroize
Y flip though, because it would hurt the non-8x8 plotters...

And I was finally able to merge the two macros (Init and Loop) into one,
(Plot) thanks to the macroized X flip...
